README.md, before:

This ESPIDF project written in 'C' & 'C++', uses Waveshare's 7" display/ESP32s3.  
As the project name suggests, it accepts an analog audio signal (~2Vp-p) input, via the Waveshare's Analog senor jack.
And after DSP, can output the 'processed' data in two formats:  
A. as a USB UAC 16Khz single chanel audio.  
B. as an analog (PDM) signal (~1Vp-p) via Waveshare's UART2 RX lead.  
Note: Only one output mode is available at a time, and is NOT switchable 'on the fly'. 
But can be changed, with a single true/false flag, in the 'main entry' code.  
Currently there are 4 DSP modes (which are switchable 'on the fly'):
1. Straight pass though.
2. IIR filter (~300hz BW, centered @ 750Hz).
3. NSNET2 voice noise filter.
4. A modified Wiener tone filter (range ~450 to 900 Hz).  

The project's original intent is to showcase/examine how these DSP filtering techniques can be used in a ham radio environment.  
Primarilly to recover noisy CW signals, and in the case of the NSNET2 filter, SSB vioce audio.  
While the ESPIDF offers a wide range of libraries like these, their use is often not well documented.  
So for those interested in exploring these methods, (plus some LVGL features), this may be of value.

Commit message:

Added 2nd button to change Audio Out Mode

README.md, after:

This ESPIDF project written in 'C' & 'C++', uses Waveshare's 7" display/ESP32s3.  
As the project name suggests, it accepts an analog audio signal (~2Vp-p) input, via the Waveshare's Analog senor jack.
And after DSP, can output the 'processed' data in two formats:  
A. as a USB UAC 16Khz single chanel audio.  
B. as an analog (PDM) signal (~1Vp-p) via Waveshare's UART2 RX lead.  
Note: Only one output mode is available at a time, and is NOT switchable 'on the fly'. 
But can be changed, using 2nd Display button(I2S/PDM), followed by a board 'reset'.  
Currently there are 4 DSP modes (which are switchable 'on the fly'):
1. Straight pass though.
2. IIR filter (~300hz BW, centered @ 750Hz).
3. NSNET2 voice noise filter.
4. A modified Wiener tone filter (range ~450 to 900 Hz).  

The project's original intent is to showcase/examine how these DSP filtering techniques can be used in a ham radio environment.  
Primarilly to recover noisy CW signals, and in the case of the NSNET2 filter, SSB vioce audio.  
While the ESPIDF offers a wide range of libraries like these, their use is often not well documented.  
So for those interested in exploring these methods, (plus some LVGL features), this may be of value.
